readme.md, before:

﻿## How's the progress
 For the up-to-date status see: [https://github.com/stanislawpolanski/MalopolskaRailNetwork/blob/master/MalopolskaRailNetwork/Documents/RoadMap.md](https://github.com/stanislawpolanski/MalopolskaRailNetwork/blob/master/MalopolskaRailNetwork/Documents/RoadMap.md)
 ## The aim of the project
This project is developed for needs of [Małopolskie stacje kolejowe website](http://stacje.cba.pl/). From the list of the stations and list of geographic coordinates stations it will come to full list of stations in Małopolska region (with associations to rail lines).
## Raw data
+  META_GRANICE_ZAKLADOW.xml
+  META_LINES.xml
+  WMS_SILK_linie_kolejowe.xml
+  WMS_SILK_stacje_przystanki.xml
+  WMS_SILK_zaklady.xml
## Input data
+ /InputFiles/StationsLocations.csv - list of stations with their locations,
+ /InputFiles/WykazPosterunkow.pdf - pdf with stations and their rail lines assignments
## Analysis design
### Data integration
#### Reading data
The first step is to succesfully load all the data. Stations files will be loaded into arrays into (depends on time of reading of data):

+ /DataRead

This script will be stored there:
+ src/DataReaders/StationsReader.py
+ src/DataReaders/LinesFromStationsReader.py (from stations file!)
+ src/DataReaders/LinesFromLinesReader.py
#### Writing data
All data will be written to JSON files.
+ /Serializers
+ /Deserializers
+ /JSONSourceFiles
#### Merging datasets
Both datasets will be merged as a n:n relationship.
#### Print out as an SQL
For further processing it will be printed out as an SQL with three tables:
+ Stations
+ RailLines
+ StationsToRaiLines
## Result

Commit message:

readme updated with packages used in the project

readme.md, after:

﻿## How's the progress
 For the up-to-date status see: [https://github.com/stanislawpolanski/MalopolskaRailNetwork/blob/master/MalopolskaRailNetwork/Documents/RoadMap.md](https://github.com/stanislawpolanski/MalopolskaRailNetwork/blob/master/MalopolskaRailNetwork/Documents/RoadMap.md)
 ## The aim of the project
This project is developed for needs of [Małopolskie stacje kolejowe website](http://stacje.cba.pl/). From the list of the stations and list of geographic coordinates stations it will come to full list of stations in Małopolska region (with associations to rail lines). It uses following packages:
+ [numpy](http://www.numpy.org/)
+ [shapely](https://pypi.org/project/Shapely/)
## Raw data
+  META_GRANICE_ZAKLADOW.xml
+  META_LINES.xml
+  WMS_SILK_linie_kolejowe.xml
+  WMS_SILK_stacje_przystanki.xml
+  WMS_SILK_zaklady.xml
## Input data
+ /InputFiles/StationsLocations.csv - list of stations with their locations,
+ /InputFiles/WykazPosterunkow.pdf - pdf with stations and their rail lines assignments
## Analysis design
### Data integration
#### Reading data
The first step is to succesfully load all the data. Stations files will be loaded into arrays into (depends on time of reading of data):

+ /DataRead

This script will be stored there:
+ src/DataReaders/StationsReader.py
+ src/DataReaders/LinesFromStationsReader.py (from stations file!)
+ src/DataReaders/LinesFromLinesReader.py
#### Writing data
All data will be written to JSON files.
+ /Serializers
+ /Deserializers
+ /JSONSourceFiles
#### Merging datasets
Both datasets will be merged as a n:n relationship.
#### Print out as an SQL
For further processing it will be printed out as an SQL with three tables:
+ Stations
+ RailLines
+ StationsToRaiLines
## Result
